docs: More renames for wapi (#46)
volueinsight/volue-insight-timeseries: docs/events.rst

=====================

> VolueInsight Time-Series API supports listening for changes to curves.  An event listener is set up, and behaves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volue Insight time series API supports listening for changes to curves.  An event listener is set up, and behaves
```
